# HW04 

## Q1 

 In this part, I just modified the code provided in the lab13 as the baseline. 

 The main difference is in the Python controlling script. Since I need to realize the reversed parking, I need to adjust the turning direction into the reversed version. And the forward function remains as same to do the adjust while parking.

## Q2
 
 In this part, I would apply the basic RPC control upon the Xbee and the openMV software to steer the car. 

 * Using the Python script to OpenMV to detect lines.

 * The space position of the detected line would be returned.

 * Once the information position returned, I could steer the car upon it.

 The execution process is expressed as below,

 1. To run the main.cpp upon the command.

 2. To run the .py script in the OpenMV. 

 3. Applying the car_control.py to control the BOE car.

 The main issue hard to be solved is to detect the exact line we want. Since my home is tidy, the camera might detect many lines in the space. Thus, it really gave me the difficulty to realize the accurate function.


## Q3

 In this part, I would also similar approach in previous part to implement the function.    

 * Modify the Python script for the OpenMV to detect the AprilTag.

 * As the camera captured the AprilTag, the OpenMV would return the distance and the angle. 

 * In the Python script, there would be a function determine whether the car be perpendicular upon the angle detected. 

 * Once attaining the information, I could steer the car upon the RPC. 

 * The value of the distance would also be detected by the Ping and be shown in the screen /dev/ttyACM0 (by default)

 * The Ping detection is realized by the RPC function; thus, it provide the convenience that we could detect the distance as we want. 

 The AprilTag would be shown by the another screen.

 The execution process is expressed as below,

 1. To run the main.cpp upon the command.

 2. To run the .py script in the OpenMV. 

 3. Applying the car_control.py to control the BOE car.
